Canopy: doc: readme osfci (#185)
canopybmc/canopybmc: doc/board-hpe_proliant_gen11.md

# HPE ProLiant Gen11

## Testing (OSFCI)

> HPE offers a puplic infrastructure on which the Canopy (or general OpenBMC) images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HPE offers a public infrastructure on which the Canopy images (or OpenBMC in general)
```
